AIES:

1. Up to 7500 words, including the body text, acknowledgments, and appendixes. The word limit does not include the title page,
   abstract, references, captions, tables, and figures. If a submission exceeds the word limit, the author must provide a justification 
   for the length of the manuscript and request the Chief Editor’s approval of the overage.

2. Always incorporate Limitations and future tasks (already included summarizing from thesis)

3. AIES Narrative usually targets ML as a postprocessing when its used already on projections. 
   Then, the narrative of our paper should be rewritten as an ML framework for adjusting (postprocessing) of GCMs outputs, rather than ML long term forecasts. 
   This aligns with our project as our main justification is the bias from HW detection in daily GCMs.

4. Message from 
    "We use ML to predict future heatwaves under climate change scenarios"
    to 
    "Large-scale climate predictors derived from reanalysis and climate model simulations provide partial information about heatwave dynamics, 
    but their direct use is limited by spatial resolution and biases. In this study, we assess whether statistical learning methods can extract 
    and translate this information into accurate local heatwave indicators, and evaluate the robustness of these relationships under future climate forcing scenarios."

5. Detail a bit more the Impact of the findings. Not only mention "can be used as grounds for policy makers", rather claim how they can be used.

6. As other AIES papers, include image of map of boxes for predictors.

7. Significance Statement.



Tasks:

- Appendices: 
    - Drivers SSPs
    - Math validation
- Plot from world map and boxes of drivers



Tasks:
Split data and method in:
    1. data and heatwave detection
    2. geofisica de hw predictors 
    3. rest of ML design (experiments)


Introduction:
    Present main gap we want to fill (daily GCM doesnt work so we offer an ML approach). 
    But this is not easy, so several challenges arises and we present these solutions. These solutions worked so its novel.


 